Expenses Manager has been crafted to keep track of your spending effortlessly, with useful features in a simple, intuitive interface. And with Back up, it's easy to keep all your expenses in sync across your devices.

Features

.Data Encryption

Your data is encrypted safely 🔐, no one else can read it. Your security is our first priority😃.

- Automatic add transactions from SMS

Enable auto-fetch transactions in settings, and watch as the app automatically reads and displays transactional messages from your SMS. Say goodbye to manual input - effortlessly add transactions to your account with just a pop-up! Enjoy seamless financial management like never before!

.Smart Scanning
Now scan your receipt/bill directly from the camera and get your expense noted automatically with category filtration and date.

.Exporting
Export all transactions you enter in multiple ways meaning that you can still make full use of data as you want

.Manage multiple accounts
You can create multiple accounts and manage them separately, You can also link different currencies to different accounts.

.Categories
You can detail your category and can add the 'N' number of categories in Expense and Incom.
You can add a category by preferred name, icon and colour to quickly identify

.Dashboard Analysis
A separate dashboard is maintained for every account. Category-wise transactions and their usable percentages are shown

.Account Stats
You can view the complete analysis and its details in a pie chart.

.Account Trends
You can view the last 14 days and last 12 months analysis in  a Trend chart and line chart

.Account Options
you can perform actions such as Archive, Pin, Edit, Delete

.Add Image
You can add an Image to every transaction for future reference

.Currency Rates
You can get the latest currency rates related to the currency that is linked with the account

.Export as multiple formats
You can export your data in different Formats like PDF, EXCEL, JSON

.Import from JSON
You can Export the JSON file and import all the accounts and transactions from the JSON file in the future in case of app loss.

.All Currencies
Expense Manager supports all currencies you may need especially when travelling. It also supports automatically updated currency rates for major currencies

.Reminder Notifications
You can set your daily reminder notification at your preferred time, to get you notified to add the transactions of the day that were missing

.Daily Backup
It's ok don't get worried about your transactions by manually backing up daily. Sit back and relax we will handle it by backing up your data daily at 12:00 AM 

.Previous 10 Restores
You can restore your data from the past 10 backups

.App Lock
You can enable the App Lock to secure your app and your transactions

.Quick input
Enter your expense quickly and easily with minimum effort

.All the small things
Dark Mode, Quick Actions, Context menus, Swipeable actions